Hi, I'm Sam Edwards.
And I'm Gagandeep Singh.
We are solutions engineers at Posit.
We work with customers every day, helping them turn their data science work into APIs,
applications, and reports that can be used throughout their company.
We are going to conduct a workshop at this year's Posit conference, focusing on building
data science workflows in Python, and we would like to share top three reasons you should
consider attending.
Reason number one.
PyPI has over 438,000 packages.
Choosing the right tool for the right job can be challenging.
Do people still use pandas?
Does my API need to be async now?
We'll discuss our favorite open-source Python tools and packages for developing end-to-end
data science applications.
Number two.
Developing and deploying these Python applications is hard.
How do I get my local web app to run in a production environment?
How do I share my dash application with others?
In this workshop, we will introduce you to Posit's professional products so that you
can get hands-on experience with solving these problems.
Lastly, this workshop will be fun.
It will be a great place to meet with your fellow Pythonistas, whether you're a new Python
user or a seasoned Python veteran, there'll be something at this workshop for everyone.
We hope to see you in Chicago for the first ever Posit conference.